[kdeplasma] Add 5.27 (#2508)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/kdeplasma.md

future bug fix releases and major releases.

## Release Cadence

> * Plasma 5.27 and 5.24 critical bug fix support will end once the first Plasma 6.0 feature release comes out.

Reviewer: According to https://community.kde.org/Schedules/Plasma_5#LTS_releases 5.24 LTS release will receive bugfix updates until we start Plasma 6 development. And 5.27 at least until Plasma 6.0 is released according to https://community.kde.org/Schedules/Plasma_5#Support_status_by_Release_Series.

Author: Both 5.27 and 5.24 are LTS releases and are labeled in the table. Therefore I though to reduce the LTS label in the note. If we want to stay with label we have to add it for both:
```suggestion
* Plasma 5.27 LTS and 5.24 LTS critical bug fix support will end once the first Plasma 6.0 feature release comes out.
```

Reviewer: I think it's OK to drop the 'LTS' label. But the issue remain.

You wrote _Plasma 5.27 and 5.24 critical bug fix support will end once the first Plasma 6.0 feature release comes out._, but I think that's wrong for 5.24.

According to https://community.kde.org/Schedules/Plasma_5#LTS_releases 5.24 LTS release will receive bugfix updates only until they start Plasma 6 development. Given the 5.27 will probably be the latest LTS (from what I understood) the 5.24 should be EOL soon (but it's not EOL yet).

Author: Okay, I see your point. Do you agree with the following:
```suggestion
* Plasma 5.24 LTS will get critical bug fixes updates until start of Plasma 6 development (timetable unsure). The last Plasma 5 release will be version 5.27 LTS and the end of critical bug fixes is not yet announced.
```

Reviewer: Yep, with a few adjustments (will commit them directly).
